the book of Hosea the word of the Lord
the book of Hosea the word of the Lord that came to Hosea the son of B Eli in
that came to Hosea the son of B Eli in
that came to Hosea the son of B Eli in the days of Isaiah jotham ahaz and
the days of Isaiah jotham ahaz and
the days of Isaiah jotham ahaz and hezekiah
hezekiah
hezekiah kings of Judah and in the days of
kings of Judah and in the days of
kings of Judah and in the days of Jeroboam the son of joash king of Israel
Jeroboam the son of joash king of Israel
Jeroboam the son of joash king of Israel when the Lord began to speak by Hosea
when the Lord began to speak by Hosea
when the Lord began to speak by Hosea the Lord said to Hosea go take yourself
the Lord said to Hosea go take yourself
the Lord said to Hosea go take yourself a wife of harlotry and children of
a wife of harlotry and children of
a wife of harlotry and children of harlotry for the land has committed
harlotry for the land has committed
harlotry for the land has committed great harlotry by departing from the
great harlotry by departing from the
great harlotry by departing from the Lord so he went and took Gomer the
Lord so he went and took Gomer the
Lord so he went and took Gomer the daughter of Dibley and she conceived and
daughter of Dibley and she conceived and
daughter of Dibley and she conceived and bore him a son then the Lord said to him
bore him a son then the Lord said to him
bore him a son then the Lord said to him call his name Jezreel for in a little
call his name Jezreel for in a little
call his name Jezreel for in a little while I will avenge the bloodshed of
while I will avenge the bloodshed of
while I will avenge the bloodshed of Jezreel on the house of G hew and bring
Jezreel on the house of G hew and bring
Jezreel on the house of G hew and bring an end to the kingdom of the house of
an end to the kingdom of the house of
an end to the kingdom of the house of Israel it shall come to pass in that day
Israel it shall come to pass in that day
Israel it shall come to pass in that day that I will break the bow of Israel in
that I will break the bow of Israel in
that I will break the bow of Israel in the valley of Jezreel and she conceived
the valley of Jezreel and she conceived
the valley of Jezreel and she conceived again and bore a daughter then God said
again and bore a daughter then God said
again and bore a daughter then God said to him call her name LaRue Hamel for I
to him call her name LaRue Hamel for I
to him call her name LaRue Hamel for I will no longer have mercy on the house
will no longer have mercy on the house
will no longer have mercy on the house of Israel but I will utterly take them
of Israel but I will utterly take them
of Israel but I will utterly take them away
away
away yet I will have mercy on the house of
yet I will have mercy on the house of
yet I will have mercy on the house of Judah we'll save them by the Lord their
Judah we'll save them by the Lord their
Judah we'll save them by the Lord their God and will not save them by beau nor
God and will not save them by beau nor
God and will not save them by beau nor by sword or battle by horses or horsemen
by sword or battle by horses or horsemen
by sword or battle by horses or horsemen now when she had weaned lo-ruhamah she
now when she had weaned lo-ruhamah she
now when she had weaned lo-ruhamah she conceived and bore a son then God said
conceived and bore a son then God said
conceived and bore a son then God said call his name lo am I for you are not my
call his name lo am I for you are not my
call his name lo am I for you are not my people and I will not be your God yet
people and I will not be your God yet
people and I will not be your God yet the number of the children of Israel
the number of the children of Israel
the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea which
shall be as the sand of the sea which
shall be as the sand of the sea which cannot be measured or numbered and it
cannot be measured or numbered and it
cannot be measured or numbered and it shall come to pass in the place where it
shall come to pass in the place where it
shall come to pass in the place where it was said to them you are not my people
was said to them you are not my people
was said to them you are not my people there it shall be said to them you are
there it shall be said to them you are
there it shall be said to them you are sons of the Living God
sons of the Living God
sons of the Living God then the children of Judah and the
then the children of Judah and the
then the children of Judah and the children of Israel shall be gathered
children of Israel shall be gathered
children of Israel shall be gathered together and appoint for themselves one
together and appoint for themselves one
together and appoint for themselves one head and they shall come up out of the
head and they shall come up out of the
head and they shall come up out of the land for great will be the day of
land for great will be the day of
land for great will be the day of Jezreel
[Music]
[Music] you